Fix app.pulumi.com link in the managing secrets blog post (#2479)
pulumi/docs: content/blog/managing-secrets-with-pulumi/index.md

You might be wondering how these values are actually encrypted. We use
the same encryption that we have always used for our configuration
system. This means when storing state with

> &lt;app.pulumi.com&gt;, we use a key managed by the &lt;app.pulumi.com&gt; service, specific to your stack, to

Reviewer: I'm guessing the intention was for these to be [automatically linked](https://github.com/russross/blackfriday/blob/41c5fccfd6f60cb5fd077118835b1d7122498df6/testdata/Markdown%20Documentation%20-%20Syntax.text#L833-L839), but perhaps the `https://` prefix is needed for that to happen?

```suggestion
<https://app.pulumi.com>, we use a key managed by the <https://app.pulumi.com> service, specific to your stack, to
```

Wondering if we make the above suggestion, if we'd see these as links as intended in the Pulumify preview.

Author: Ah, that makes more sense in terms of the original intent. Sure, let me swap to that.
